Welcome to FPGA Design for Embedded Systems. ​This is the Capstone Course, Building FPGA projects. ​The capstone project is divided into several modules. ​In these modules, you will set up and ​test your DE10-Lite MAX10 development board, ​complete a series of circuit designs ​using VHDL, schematic entry, ​and Verilog to build everything from ​simple adders to whole systems on a chip. ​You'll learn to use many tools, ​including Quartus Prime, Qsys, and Eclipse. ​This is an example of a ​schematic that you would create in ​Quartus Prime to do hardware design. ​It's just one tool that you're going to learn to use to ​a greater depth than you have prior to this, ​as you do a number of hands-on projects. 
​
When you're finished with some of the projects, ​you get something that looks like this. ​This is a picture of the actual DE10-Lite hardware, ​the development board that we will ​use in the capstone project. ​In this particular example, ​the board's being used as a simple voltmeter. ​So you'll learn how to build ​this in the course of this course. ​You'll also learn how to build ​a NIOS II system on a chip. ​Like the block diagram that's depicted here, ​that has many components including a NIOS II CPU ​as part of the project ​that you will build in this system. ​You will also learn how to use ​Qsys in order to build systems. 
​
You will do this in a couple ​of projects that you work on, ​including putting together the NIOS II System. ​The NIOS II is a CPU so you're going to ​have to do software coding with this. ​The tool that Altera ​provides has an Eclipse-like interface; well, ​it is actually Eclipse, ​and so you'll do some software coding in Eclipse. ​So there are four modules in this course. ​The first one, starting FPGA design hands-on, ​gives you the opportunity to build an FPGA design, ​program it into a device, ​and see it in operation. ​The second module introduces PWM and ADC circuits, ​and gives you a chance to experiment with those. ​The third module, you'll create ​a NIOS II soft processor system, ​and in the fourth module, ​you'll create software for that system ​to make a complete system on a chip. 

So I really enjoyed putting this course together, ​and I hope you enjoy working on ​the projects as much as I did. ​Does it sound like fun? ​Well, then let's get started with module 1. Welcome to FPGA Design for Embedded Systems. ​This is the Capstone Course, Building FPGA projects. ​The capstone project is divided into several modules. ​In these modules, you will set up and ​test your DE10-Lite MAX10 development board, ​complete a series of circuit designs ​using VHDL, schematic entry, ​and Verilog to build everything from ​simple adders to whole systems on a chip. ​You'll learn to use many tools, ​including Quartus Prime, Qsys, and Eclipse. ​This is an example of a ​schematic that you would create in ​Quartus Prime to do hardware design. ​It's just one tool that you're going to learn to use to ​a greater depth than you have prior to this, ​as you do a number of hands-on projects. ​When you're finished with some of the projects, ​you get something that looks like this. ​This is a picture of the actual DE10-Lite hardware, ​the development board that we will ​use in the capstone project. ​In this particular example, ​the board's being used as a simple voltmeter. ​So you'll learn how to build ​this in the course of this course. ​You'll also learn how to build ​a NIOS II system on a chip. ​Like the block diagram that's depicted here, ​that has many components including a NIOS II CPU ​as part of the project ​that you will build in this system. ​You will also learn how to use ​Qsys in order to build systems. ​You will do this in a couple ​of projects that you work on, ​including putting together the NIOS II System. ​The NIOS II is a CPU so you're going to ​have to do software coding with this. ​The tool that Altera ​provides has an Eclipse-like interface; well, ​it is actually Eclipse, ​and so you'll do some software coding in Eclipse. ​So there are four modules in this course. ​The first one, starting FPGA design hands-on, ​gives you the opportunity to build an FPGA design, ​program it into a device, ​and see it in operation. ​The second module introduces PWM and ADC circuits, ​and gives you a chance to experiment with those. ​The third module, you'll create ​a NIOS II soft processor system, ​and in the fourth module, ​you'll create software for that system ​to make a complete system on a chip. ​So I really enjoyed putting this course together, ​and I hope you enjoy working on ​the projects as much as I did. ​Does it sound like fun? ​Well, then let's get started with module 1.  Welcome to FPGA Design for Embedded Systems. ​This is the Capstone Course, Building FPGA projects. ​The capstone project is divided into several modules. ​In these modules, you will set up and ​test your DE10-Lite MAX10 development board, ​complete a series of circuit designs ​using VHDL, schematic entry, ​and Verilog to build everything from ​simple adders to whole systems on a chip. ​You'll learn to use many tools, ​including Quartus Prime, Qsys, and Eclipse. ​This is an example of a ​schematic that you would create in ​Quartus Prime to do hardware design. ​It's just one tool that you're going to learn to use to ​a greater depth than you have prior to this, ​as you do a number of hands-on projects. ​When you're finished with some of the projects, ​you get something that looks like this. ​This is a picture of the actual DE10-Lite hardware, ​the development board that we will ​use in the capstone project. ​In this particular example, ​the board's being used as a simple voltmeter. ​So you'll learn how to build ​this in the course of this course. ​You'll also learn how to build ​a NIOS II system on a chip. ​Like the block diagram that's depicted here, ​that has many components including a NIOS II CPU ​as part of the project ​that you will build in this system. ​You will also learn how to use ​Qsys in order to build systems. ​You will do this in a couple ​of projects that you work on, ​including putting together the NIOS II System. ​The NIOS II is a CPU so you're going to ​have to do software coding with this. ​The tool that Altera ​provides has an Eclipse-like interface; well, ​it is actually Eclipse, ​and so you'll do some software coding in Eclipse. ​So there are four modules in this course. ​The first one, starting FPGA design hands-on, ​gives you the opportunity to build an FPGA design, ​program it into a device, ​and see it in operation. ​The second module introduces PWM and ADC circuits, ​and gives you a chance to experiment with those. ​The third module, you'll create ​a NIOS II soft processor system, ​and in the fourth module, ​you'll create software for that system ​to make a complete system on a chip. ​So I really enjoyed putting this course together, ​and I hope you enjoy working on ​the projects as much as I did. ​Does it sound like fun? ​Well, then let's get started with module 1.  Welcome to FPGA Design for Embedded Systems. ​This is the Capstone Course, Building FPGA projects. ​The capstone project is divided into several modules. ​In these modules, you will set up and ​test your DE10-Lite MAX10 development board, ​complete a series of circuit designs ​using VHDL, schematic entry, ​and Verilog to build everything from ​simple adders to whole systems on a chip. ​You'll learn to use many tools, ​including Quartus Prime, Qsys, and Eclipse. ​This is an example of a ​schematic that you would create in ​Quartus Prime to do hardware design. ​It's just one tool that you're going to learn to use to ​a greater depth than you have prior to this, ​as you do a number of hands-on projects. ​When you're finished with some of the projects, ​you get something that looks like this. ​This is a picture of the actual DE10-Lite hardware, ​the development board that we will ​use in the capstone project. ​In this particular example, ​the board's being used as a simple voltmeter. ​So you'll learn how to build ​this in the course of this course. ​You'll also learn how to build ​a NIOS II system on a chip. ​Like the block diagram that's depicted here, ​that has many components including a NIOS II CPU ​as part of the project ​that you will build in this system. ​You will also learn how to use ​Qsys in order to build systems. ​You will do this in a couple ​of projects that you work on, ​including putting together the NIOS II System. ​The NIOS II is a CPU so you're going to ​have: Added to Selection.  
